Recipes/README.md, before:

# Recipes Folder
***

This repo will hold often-used tips and workarounds as I find them.

# Here is the very first one:
<div style="text-align:center;background:#c2d3ef;padding:16px;color:#ffffff;font-size:2em;width:98%"><h1>Displaying images with a caption</h1></div>

#### Unless an image already includes a caption, it is in many cases advisable to include one. 
#### Those familiar with HTML5 may know that there is a tag just for that!  

#### It's aptly named `<figure>`. Let's see how it works.

# Add an HTML image link with a caption with the `<figure>` tag wrapping the `<img>` tag:   
The next Markdown cell contains this HTML code:
```html
<figure style="display:inline-block; text-align:center">
  <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/1d/Sancerre_france.jpg/405px-Sancerre_france.jpg" 
       alt="x"
       style="display:block; width:600px; height:400px;"
       title="Sancerre, France"
   >
  <figcaption style="color:teal; font-weight:bold; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;">
       Figure 1 - A long view of Sancerre, France. Source: <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sancerre">wikipedia</a>
  </figcaption>
</figure>
```

<figure style="display:inline-block; text-align:center">
  <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/1d/Sancerre_france.jpg/405px-Sancerre_france.jpg" 
       alt="x"
       style="display:block; width:600px; height:400px;"
       title="Sancerre, France">
  <figcaption style="color:teal; font-weight:bold; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;">
             Figure 1 - A long view of Sancerre, France. &ensp;Source: <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sancerre">wikipedia</a>
  </figcaption>
</figure>

<div class="alert alert-info"><p style="font-size:1.2em"><b>Info: </b><br>&emsp;&emsp;* img.src can be local<br>&emsp;&emsp;* img.title attribute holds the tooltip text</p></div>

<figure style="display:inline-block; text-align:center">
  <img src="Finley.jpg" 
       alt="x"
       style="display:block; width:600px; height:400px;"
       title="John Finley Walk">
  <figcaption style="color:teal; font-weight:bold; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;">
             Figure 2 (local) - <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Huston_Finley">John Finley</a>
  </figcaption>
</figure>

***
## Notebooks:
[1_Jupyter and Markdown Tricks.ipnyb]()
> Contains functions to insert div blocks with variables along with call examples and a few UTF-8 codes for Geometric Shapes & ANSI escape sequences.

Commit message:

New recipe: update .git/info/exclude with large files.

Recipes/README.md, after:

# Recipes Folder
***

This repo will hold often-used tips and workarounds as I find them.

# Here is the very first one:
<div style="text-align:center;background:#c2d3ef;padding:16px;color:#ffffff;font-size:2em;width:98%"><h1>Displaying images with a caption</h1></div>

#### Unless an image already includes a caption, it is in many cases advisable to include one. 
#### Those familiar with HTML5 may know that there is a tag just for that!  

#### It's aptly named `<figure>`. Let's see how it works.

# Add an HTML image link with a caption with the `<figure>` tag wrapping the `<img>` tag:   
The next Markdown cell contains this HTML code:
```html
<figure style="display:inline-block; text-align:center">
  <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/1d/Sancerre_france.jpg/405px-Sancerre_france.jpg" 
       alt="x"
       style="display:block; width:600px; height:400px;"
       title="Sancerre, France"
   >
  <figcaption style="color:teal; font-weight:bold; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;">
       Figure 1 - A long view of Sancerre, France. Source: <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sancerre">wikipedia</a>
  </figcaption>
</figure>
```

<figure style="display:inline-block; text-align:center">
  <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/1d/Sancerre_france.jpg/405px-Sancerre_france.jpg" 
       alt="x"
       style="display:block; width:600px; height:400px;"
       title="Sancerre, France">
  <figcaption style="color:teal; font-weight:bold; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;">
             Figure 1 - A long view of Sancerre, France. &ensp;Source: <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sancerre">wikipedia</a>
  </figcaption>
</figure>

<div class="alert alert-info"><p style="font-size:1.2em"><b>Info: </b><br>&emsp;&emsp;* img.src can be local<br>&emsp;&emsp;* img.title attribute holds the tooltip text</p></div>

<figure style="display:inline-block; text-align:center">
  <img src="Finley.jpg" 
       alt="x"
       style="display:block; width:600px; height:400px;"
       title="John Finley Walk">
  <figcaption style="color:teal; font-weight:bold; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;">
             Figure 2 (local) - <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Huston_Finley">John Finley</a>
  </figcaption>
</figure>

***
## Notebooks:
[1_Jupyter and Markdown Tricks.ipnyb](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/CatChenal/Jupyter_Sphere/blob/master/Recipes/1_Jupyter_and_Markdown_Tricks.ipynb)
> Contains functions to insert div blocks with variables along with call examples and a few UTF-8 codes for Geometric Shapes & ANSI escape sequences.

[2_Exclude large files from Git repo.ipynb](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/CatChenal/Jupyter_Sphere/blob/master/Recipes/2_Exclude large files from Git repo.ipynb)
> Contains my recipe to programmatically update `.git/info/exclude` file to exclude files that exceed GitHub limit.
